README.md, before:

[![GitHub Logo](https://img.shields.io/badge/Join%20us%20on-Slack-e01563.svg)](https://nodejs-security-wg.herokuapp.com/)
[![Security Responsible Disclosure](https://img.shields.io/badge/Security-Responsible%20Disclosure-yellow.svg)](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/blob/master/processes/responsible_disclosure_template.md
)

# Security Working Group

## [Charter](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/blob/master/WORKING_GROUPS.md#security)

The Security Working Group manages all aspects and processes linked to Node.js security.

Responsibilities include:
* Define and maintain security policies and procedures for:
  * the core Node.js project
  * other projects maintained by the Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC).
* Work with the Node Security Platform to bring community vulnerability data into
  the foundation as a shared asset.
* Ensure the vulnerability data is updated in an efficient and timely manner. For example, ensuring there
  are well-documented processes for reporting vulnerabilities in community
  modules.
* Review and recommend processes for handling of security reports (but not the
  actual administration of security reports, which are reviewed by a group of people
  directly delegated to by the TSC).
* Define and maintain policies and procedures for the coordination of security
  concerns within the external Node.js open source ecosystem.
* Offer help to npm package maintainers to fix high-impact security bugs.
* Maintain and make available data on disclosed security vulnerabilities in:
  * the core Node.js project
  * other projects maintained by the Node.js Foundation technical group
  * the external Node.js open source ecosystem
* Promote the improvement of security practices within the Node.js ecosystem.
* Recommend security improvements for the core Node.js project.
* Facilitate and promote the expansion of a healthy security service and product
  provider ecosystem.

## Private Node.js core security group

The Node.js Security Working Group is _not_ responsible for managing incoming
security reports to the security@nodejs.org address, nor is it privy to or
responsible for preparing embargoed security patches and releases.

The [Node.js TSC][] maintains primary responsibility for the management of private
security activities for Node.js core but relies on the Node.js Security Working
Group to recommend and help maintain policies and procedures for that
management.

## Node.js Bug Bounty Program

The Node.js project engages in an official bug bounty program for security researchers and responsible public disclosures.

The program is managed through the HackerOne platform at [https://hackerone.com/nodejs](https://hackerone.com/nodejs) with further details.

## Participate in Reponsible Security Disclosure

As a module author you can provide your users with security guidelines regarding any exposures and vulnerabilities in your project, based on a responsible dislcosure policy [document](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/blob/e2c03e62d73635a766156c6ea4f9aefb35c04603/processes/responsible_disclosure_template.md) we've already put in place.

You can show your users you take security matters seriously and drive higher confidence by following any of the below suggested actions:

1. Adding a `SECURITY.md` file in your repository that you can copy&paste from [us](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/blob/e2c03e62d73635a766156c6ea4f9aefb35c04603/processes/responsible_disclosure_template.md). Just like having a contribution of code of conduct guidelines, a security guideline will help user or bug hunters with the process of reporting a vulnerability or security concern they would like to share.

2. Adding our Responsible Security Dislosure badge to your project's README which links to the `SECURITY.md` document.

## Vulnerability database

### Security researchers

The Security Working Group and the Node.js community is kept safe with the help of many security researchers who help
identify vulnerabilities in the core and in the ecosystem.

The list of these people can be found on HackerOne:
* for Node.js core: https://hackerone.com/nodejs/thanks
* for Node.js ecosystem: https://hackerone.com/nodejs-ecosystem/thanks

### License of the database

The database of vulnerabilities is provided under the MIT license.

## Current Project Team Members

* [bengl](https://github.com/bengl) - **Bryan English**
* [brycebaril](https://github.com/brycebaril) - **Bryce Baril**
* [ChALkeR](https://github.com/ChALkeR) - **Сковорода Никита Андреевич**
* [cjihrig](https://github.com/cjihrig) - **Colin Ihrig**
* [dgonzalez](https://github.com/dgonzalez) - **David Gonzalez**
* [deian](https://github.com/deian) - **Deian Stefan**
* [drifkin](https://github.com/drifkin) - **Devon Rifkin**
* [elexy](https://github.com/Elexy) - **Alex Knol**
* [grnd](https://github.com/grnd) - **Danny Grander**
* [lirantal](https://github.com/lirantal) - **Liran Tal**
* [MarcinHoppe](https://github.com/MarcinHoppe) - **Marcin Hoppe**
* [mdawson](https://github.com/mdawson) - **Michael Dawson**
* [mgalexander](https://github.com/mgalexander) - **Michael Alexander**
* [pxlpnk](https://github.com/pxlpnk) - **Andreas Tiefenthaler**
* [SomeoneWeird](https://github.com/SomeoneWeird) - **Adam Brady**
* [vdeturckheim](https://github.com/vdeturckheim) - **Vladimir de Turckheim**

## Emeritus Members

* [digitalinfinity](https://github.com/digitalinfinity) - **Hitesh Kanwathirtha**
* [dougwilson](https://github.com/dougwilson) - **Doug Wilson**
* [evilpacket](https://github.com/evilpacket) - **Adam Baldwin**
* [gergelyke](https://github.com/gergelyke) - **Gergely Nemeth**
* [gibfahn](https://github.com/gibfahn) - **Gibson Fahnestock**
* [jasnell](https://github.com/jasnell) - **James M Snell**
* [jbergstroem](https://github.com/jbergstroem) - **Johan Bergström**
* [joshgav](https://github.com/joshgav) - **Josh Gavant**
* [mcollina](https://github.com/mcollina) - **Matteo Collina**
* [ofrobots](https://github.com/ofrobots) - **Ali Ijaz Sheikh**
* [roccomuso](https://github.com/roccomuso) - **Rocco Musolino**
* [sam-github](https://github.com/sam-github) - **Sam Roberts**
* [shigeki](https://github.com/shigeki) - **Shigeki Ohtsu**

# Code of Conduct

The [Node.js Code of Conduct](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) applies to this WG.

# Moderation Policy

The [Node.js Moderation Policy](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/blob/master/Moderation-Policy.md) applies to this WG.

[Node.js TSC]: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC

Commit message:

docs(process): establishing information for the vuln db (#351)

README.md, after:

[![GitHub Logo](https://img.shields.io/badge/Join%20us%20on-Slack-e01563.svg)](https://nodejs-security-wg.herokuapp.com/)
[![Security Responsible Disclosure](https://img.shields.io/badge/Security-Responsible%20Disclosure-yellow.svg)](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/blob/master/processes/responsible_disclosure_template.md
)

# Security Working Group

## [Charter](https://github.com/nodejs/TSC/blob/master/WORKING_GROUPS.md#security)

The Security Working Group manages all aspects and processes linked to Node.js security.

Responsibilities include:
* Define and maintain security policies and procedures for:
  * the core Node.js project
  * other projects maintained by the Node.js Technical Steering Committee (TSC).
* Work with the Node Security Platform to bring community vulnerability data into
  the foundation as a shared asset.
* Ensure the vulnerability data is updated in an efficient and timely manner. For example, ensuring there
  are well-documented processes for reporting vulnerabilities in community
  modules.
* Review and recommend processes for handling of security reports (but not the
  actual administration of security reports, which are reviewed by a group of people
  directly delegated to by the TSC).
* Define and maintain policies and procedures for the coordination of security
  concerns within the external Node.js open source ecosystem.
* Offer help to npm package maintainers to fix high-impact security bugs.
* Maintain and make available data on disclosed security vulnerabilities in:
  * the core Node.js project
  * other projects maintained by the Node.js Foundation technical group
  * the external Node.js open source ecosystem
* Promote the improvement of security practices within the Node.js ecosystem.
* Recommend security improvements for the core Node.js project.
* Facilitate and promote the expansion of a healthy security service and product
  provider ecosystem.

## Private Node.js core security group

The Node.js Security Working Group is _not_ responsible for managing incoming
security reports to the security@nodejs.org address, nor is it privy to or
responsible for preparing embargoed security patches and releases.

The [Node.js TSC][] maintains primary responsibility for the management of private
security activities for Node.js core but relies on the Node.js Security Working
Group to recommend and help maintain policies and procedures for that
management.

## Node.js Bug Bounty Program

The Node.js project engages in an official bug bounty program for security researchers and responsible public disclosures.

The program is managed through the HackerOne platform at [https://hackerone.com/nodejs](https://hackerone.com/nodejs) with further details.

## Participate in Reponsible Security Disclosure

As a module author you can provide your users with security guidelines regarding any exposures and vulnerabilities in your project, based on a responsible dislcosure policy [document](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/blob/e2c03e62d73635a766156c6ea4f9aefb35c04603/processes/responsible_disclosure_template.md) we've already put in place.

You can show your users you take security matters seriously and drive higher confidence by following any of the below suggested actions:

1. Adding a `SECURITY.md` file in your repository that you can copy&paste from [us](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/blob/e2c03e62d73635a766156c6ea4f9aefb35c04603/processes/responsible_disclosure_template.md). Just like having a contribution of code of conduct guidelines, a security guideline will help user or bug hunters with the process of reporting a vulnerability or security concern they would like to share.

2. Adding our Responsible Security Dislosure badge to your project's README which links to the `SECURITY.md` document.

## Vulnerability database

The Node.js Security WG maintains a vulnerability database for core Node.js as well as third party modules from the npm ecosystem.

Consult [more information](./processes/vuln_db.md) about the vuln db.

## Current Project Team Members

* [bengl](https://github.com/bengl) - **Bryan English**
* [brycebaril](https://github.com/brycebaril) - **Bryce Baril**
* [ChALkeR](https://github.com/ChALkeR) - **Сковорода Никита Андреевич**
* [cjihrig](https://github.com/cjihrig) - **Colin Ihrig**
* [dgonzalez](https://github.com/dgonzalez) - **David Gonzalez**
* [deian](https://github.com/deian) - **Deian Stefan**
* [drifkin](https://github.com/drifkin) - **Devon Rifkin**
* [elexy](https://github.com/Elexy) - **Alex Knol**
* [grnd](https://github.com/grnd) - **Danny Grander**
* [lirantal](https://github.com/lirantal) - **Liran Tal**
* [MarcinHoppe](https://github.com/MarcinHoppe) - **Marcin Hoppe**
* [mdawson](https://github.com/mdawson) - **Michael Dawson**
* [mgalexander](https://github.com/mgalexander) - **Michael Alexander**
* [pxlpnk](https://github.com/pxlpnk) - **Andreas Tiefenthaler**
* [SomeoneWeird](https://github.com/SomeoneWeird) - **Adam Brady**
* [vdeturckheim](https://github.com/vdeturckheim) - **Vladimir de Turckheim**

## Emeritus Members

* [digitalinfinity](https://github.com/digitalinfinity) - **Hitesh Kanwathirtha**
* [dougwilson](https://github.com/dougwilson) - **Doug Wilson**
* [evilpacket](https://github.com/evilpacket) - **Adam Baldwin**
* [gergelyke](https://github.com/gergelyke) - **Gergely Nemeth**
* [gibfahn](https://github.com/gibfahn) - **Gibson Fahnestock**
* [jasnell](https://github.com/jasnell) - **James M Snell**
* [jbergstroem](https://github.com/jbergstroem) - **Johan Bergström**
* [joshgav](https://github.com/joshgav) - **Josh Gavant**
* [mcollina](https://github.com/mcollina) - **Matteo Collina**
* [ofrobots](https://github.com/ofrobots) - **Ali Ijaz Sheikh**
* [roccomuso](https://github.com/roccomuso) - **Rocco Musolino**
* [sam-github](https://github.com/sam-github) - **Sam Roberts**
* [shigeki](https://github.com/shigeki) - **Shigeki Ohtsu**

# Code of Conduct

The [Node.js Code of Conduct](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) applies to this WG.

# Moderation Policy

The [Node.js Moderation Policy](https://github.com/nodejs/admin/blob/master/Moderation-Policy.md) applies to this WG.

[Node.js TSC]: https://github.com/nodejs/TSC
