# Node.js Foundation Security WorkGroup Meeting 2018-02-22

## Links

* **Recording**: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WZZt8Yi0dbg
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/124
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1yZJ8XDkcnnYu8_rz4LV6ICyiQj7R5AFNw5OWqkglpfk/edit

## Present

* Security wg team: @nodejs/security-wg

  * Vladimir de Turckheim (@vdeturckheim)
  * Colin Ihrig (@cjihrig)
  * Liran Tal (@lirantal)
  * Reed Loden (@reedloden)
  * Bryan English (@bengl)

## Agenda

## Announcements

*Extracted from **security-wg-agenda** labelled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

### nodejs/security-wg

* Report Template proposition [#114](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/114)
Notes: great contribution. We updated the Hacker1 form. Issue closed.
* Evangelism and Communication [#111](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/111)
Notes: Targeting Node Interactive & Node Summit but we will follow-up with a meeting on the subject that Vladimir will add on the 111 issue.
* Handle HackerOne org to core triage team [#103](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/103)
Notes: still need follow-up from Vladimir
* Responsible Disclosure Policy template for 3rd party module authors [#99](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/pull/99)
Notes: We have a basic template, we should try to include this as evangelism task. Let’s PR some modules with a SECURITY.md. Let’s keep the badge idea on tracks.
* Issuing CVEs for the ecosystem [#97](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/97)
Notes: waiting escalation to TCS to get some feedback about how we can get CVEs for node-core as well as node-ecosystem as well. We’ll need to update current CVE request documentation for the process when moving to handling CVEs ourselves.

* Recommended text and template for 3rd party module authors [#93](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/93)
Notes: related to issue #99
* \[RFC\] Early disclosure program  [#68](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/68)
Notes: Needs someone to champion and lead this, currently left as-is.
* Implement process for management of thirdparty vulnerabilities [#54](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/54)
Notes: Need to check if there’s a way to add structured versioning, and if it doesn’t we can utilize H1’s Summary field to manually update it when we triage vulnerabilities which can be helpful to script the data automatically for a JSON PR on the repo.
* Bug Bounty Program [#49](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/49)
Notes: bring this up with the TSC and figure out how we want to handle it for the node-core vulns.
* Machine friendly vulnerability database [#115](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/115)
Notes: we can move forward with the proposed vulns-bundled-as-npm-module and offer this as a first contribution. We can also contact the npmjs team and see if they have an interest to use this vuln db and make use of it as metadata for npm as well.



## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Foundation Calendar**: https://nodejs.org/calendar

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.
