# Node.js  Security WorkGroup Meeting 2022-11-24

## Links

* **Recording**:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=64itImD9XDg&ab_channel=node.js
* **GitHub Issue**: https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/847
* **Minutes Google Doc**: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1GLSZXUl_JnHDjD44o6C_cgWxkQ_gH_fjdbfuY95pSq4/edit

## Present

* Security wg team: @nodejs/security-wg
* Ulises Gascon: @ulisesgascon
* Michael Dawson: @mhdawson
* Thomas G: @fraxken
* Facundo Tuesca
* Rafael Gonzaga: @RafaelGSS

## Agenda

## Announcements

*Extracted from **security-wg-agenda** labeled issues and pull requests from the **nodejs org** prior to the meeting.

- [X] Vulnerability Review - https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs-dependency-vuln-assessments/issues
 - Waiting for npm team to assess the ‘v14.x manual CVE’
 - Might make sense to update it on Node.js anyway

### nodejs/security-wg

* New issue created to discuss about recursive checks https://github.com/nodejs/nodejs-dependency-vuln-assessments/issues/89

* Permission Model [#791](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/791)
  * No updates - low priority
  * it might change in the next month

* Node.js Security WG Initiatives 2023 [#846](https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/846)

### Action to update our dependencies easily and fast (https://github.com/nodejs/security-wg/issues/828).

It seems to have a positive consensus on this task. 

### Flag to emit a warning when vulnerable

- That's a useful task
- However, the concern of having to do a remote call to perform this check can cause some disagreements
- We thought of two approaches to workaround it:
  - Using an explicit flag, so users opt-in for the remote call check
  - Integrate that check on package managers (npm, yarn), since they already perform that remote call when installing a package

### Enforce communication with Node.js dependencies

- That's doable and would be helpful, however, we're not quite sure about how feasible is it.

### Security Status Page

We've agreed on this would require much work for a little improvement in the end. Therefore, it was removed.

### Explore using [SigStore](https://www.sigstore.dev/) to sign our releases

- That seems the good initiative
- However, it's not clear what it will solve and how the team can help
- @BethGriggs would you mind joining our next call to discuss and elaborate on it? If the time doesn't work for you, we can try to do it async

### Figure out how we stand in terms of key supply chain standards/frameworks

- It's not clear what problem it will solve
- We leave that open for a better discussion in the next meeting

### Explore how the projects stand on the [OSSF Scorecard](https://github.com/ossf/scorecard)

- Agreement on that could be a good task

### Look at [Fuzzing](https://owasp.org/www-community/Fuzzing)

- That's a doable task
- We need to understand how useful it would be. We don't want to have another CI that nobody looks at it
- However, it will probably be a lower priority and be skipped in favor of other tasks

### Better versioning and management of tools need to build/update dependencies

- @mhdawson will expand the description
- It seems a good task and in some points related to the OSSF Scorecard

## Q&A, Other

## Upcoming Meetings

* **Node.js Project Calendar**: <https://nodejs.org/calendar>

Click `+GoogleCalendar` at the bottom right to add to your own Google calendar.

